What's that for? What does that mean, why is it like that, where is it?
Who is he?
One question: how many planets are there in the solar system?
Between 1930, the year Pluto was discovered by American Clyde Tombaugh, and 2006,
there were nine planets
namely, from closest to the Sun to furthest away: Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars
Jupiter Saturn Uranus Neptune and Pluto but in 2006 another American, Mike
Brown
nicknamed “Pluto Killer,” demonstrated that Pluto is not a
planet like the others. Why? Because it is too small and not unique enough
similar to many objects present in the Neptune region such as
Eris, discovered by him in 2006. Pluto then became a dwarf planet,
and this discovery brought the number of true planets down to eight, at least
until January 20, 2016, when Mike Brown, again, and Konstantin
Batygin
working together, claimed to have discovered a ninth planet through calculation.
According to the two astronomers, only the presence of a planet 10 times heavier
than Earth can explain
Translated with DeepL.com (free version)